                                                                      Biorobotics Project 
First meeting : 

What were the reasons for designing and building this robot?
Create soft robot actuator,  easy to fabricate,  
“ Hence, this class of actuators demonstrates promise for applications such as      active prostheses, medical and industrial automation, and autonomous robotic devices.”

What scientific questions did the authors want to address with this robot? For robotics? For biology?
How could we create  a soft robotic system which is not limited by the soft actuators that power them?  (because , most soft actuators are based on pneumatics or shape-memory alloys, which have issues with efficiency, response speed, and portability)

What are the key embodiment principles captured in this robot?
They self-sense their deformation state through capacitance monitoring 

Which model level is obtained with this robot, possibly using Webb taxonomy?
To discuss (Slide 12 Lecture 2) 

Which papers are you going to study for your project?
Papers that we received and found interesting on the internet 

Which knowledge do you miss before understanding these papers?
The impact of the different possibilities of the muscles, it looks cool but we don’t know how impactful this is. 

Which results could you try reproducing?
We think that we can reproduce the muscle, we found different tutorials to make it easier to build. We will need access to the electrical lab. 

How could you split the work within the group in order to maximize efficiency?
Theoretical model 

Reproduction  
Notes/remarques réu ronsse :
-> essayer de se focaliser sur un modèle (pas tout faire) et se focus sur  "expérience", essayer de produire des résultats, faire un démonstrateur “conceptuel”, le but est que l’on puisse facilement voir comment ça fonctionne,...
-> pour “élargir” : cf muscles artificiels en terme général, cf article de review qui comparent ,  → cf soft robots et (surtout) soft actuators 
-> modèle mathématique/numérique  maybe trop dur pour ce projet … 
-> embodiment: intrinsèquement embodied car “organes d’une machine”, cf par rapport à un vrai muscle (tirer seulement ou tirer et pousser), idée d’empilement (vs fibres mises en parallèle dans les muscles),... → similitudes et/ou divergences avec sa contrepartie corporelle = “vrai” muscle
->level de robot : sans objet ;)
-> Other scientific questions : en quoi ça nourrit la technologie (est-ce qu’on envisage des app)?, est-ce que ça nourrit la biologie/sciences du vivant? , pq ce genre de technologies pourrait être utilisée pour telle ou telle type d’application (comme active prostheses, medical and industrial automation,  autonomous robotic devices,...) par rapport à d’autres robots/technologies?,...
->other question /truc à tester : cf si orientation/disposition des cellules change qq chose, à de l’impact sur tel ou tel paramètre 
 
->next steps : 
essayer de créer le muscle (-> prendre contact pour voir ce qu’on peut faire, cf matériel (disponibilité, méthode,...)
  →Liste matos (consommables et équipements) + prendre contact  (cf disponibilités)
  → cf expériences qu’on peut faire (!!simplifier : 1ddl, se passer de guidage,...), faire protocoles,...
 en // , cf différents modèle de soft actuators,soft robots,...
 
 
 
